[FIX] payment_stripe: incorrect flow mentionned in readme (#159621)
odoo/odoo: addons/payment_stripe/README.md

API: [Stripe API](https://stripe.com/docs/api) version `2019-05-16`

This module relies on the Web Elements SDK to render the list of available payment methods and their
payment detail inputs on the payment form. The JS and CSS assets of the SDK are loaded on the pages
where the form is visible using a script tag.

When the Web Elements needs to fetch/push information from/to Stripe or when a payment operation
(e.g., refund, offline payment) is executed from the backend, a server-to-server API call is made to
the appropriate API endpoint.

This is achieved by following the [Collect payment details before creating an Intent](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/accept-a-payment-deferred) guide. It is preferred over the recommended "Payment Element" where payment intent is created
beforehand because when the form is rendered, the `payment.transaction` object doesn't exist yet, so

> we don't have any reference to communicate to Stripe. Also, all the methods to create Stripe's
> object (like intents or customers) are on the `payment.transaction`​ object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
we don't have any reference to communicate to Stripe. Also, all the methods to create Stripe
objects (e.g., intents or customers) are defined on the `payment.transaction`​ object.
```
